Merge DP2 into main in advance of CordaCon 2022 (#668)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-2/getting-started/fast-feedback-with-the-simulator/fast-feedback-with-the-simulator.md

        // Create Alice and Bob's virtual nodes, including the Class's of the flows which will be registered on each node.
        val aliceVN = simulator.createVirtualNode(aliceHoldingID, MyFirstFlow::class.java)
        val bobVN = simulator.createVirtualNode(bobHoldingID, MyFirstFlowResponder::class.java)

        // Create an instance of the MyFirstFlowStartArgs which contains the request arguments for starting the flow
        val myFirstFlowStartArgs = MyFirstFlowStartArgs(bobX500)

        // Create a requestData object
        val requestData = RequestData.create(
            "request no 1",        // A unique reference for the instance of the flow request
            MyFirstFlow::class.java,        // The name of the flow class which is to be started
            myFirstFlowStartArgs            // The object which contains the start arguments of the flow
        )

        // Call the Flow on Alice's virtual node and capture the response from the flow
        val flowResponse = aliceVN.callFlow(requestData)

        // Check that the flow has returned the expected string
        assert(flowResponse == "Hello Alice, best wishes from Bob")
    }
}
```

> To run the test, click the green triangle next to the test method and select Run **MyFirstFlowTest…**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the test, click the green triangle next to the test method and select **Run 'MyFirstFlowTest…'**:
```
